More reliable open with notification detection (#317)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.notifications: com.unity.mobile.notifications/Documentation~/Unified.md

If you want to check whether your application is launched by tapping a notification, you can query the last responded notification using the following code example:

```c#
IEnumerator Start()
{
    var query = NotificationCenter.QueryLastRespondedNotification();
    yield return query;
    if (query.State == QueryLastRespondedNotificationState.HaveRespondedNotification)
    {
        var lastNotification = query.Notification;
    }
}
```

> This also works if you send notification to the background and tap the notification to bring it back to foreground. You can query the properties of returned notification. The operation can be completed right away, but it is not guaranteed. Operation can be returned from coroutine to wait until it is complete, in case it was complete right away, it will continue execution on next iteration.

Reviewer: I might not have understood this completely. What exactly 'operation' means here? Does it mean the action of async querying to continue until Unity figures out whether the app is launched thru tapping notification? Is it kind of an object?

> This also works if you send notification to the background and tap the notification to bring it back to foreground. You can query the properties of returned notification. The operation can be completed right away, but it is not guaranteed. Operation can be returned from coroutine to wait until it is complete, in case it was complete right away, it will continue execution on next iteration.

Author: Spotted a mistake in this one: it should be "This also works if you send application to the background" (app, not notification).
Operation here is an object returned from the api. You use that object to track if query has been completed and receive the results.

> This also works if you send notification to the background and tap the notification to bring it back to foreground. You can query the properties of returned notification. The operation can be completed right away, but it is not guaranteed. Operation can be returned from coroutine to wait until it is complete, in case it was complete right away, it will continue execution on next iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also works if you send the application to the background and tap the notification to bring it back to the foreground. You can query the properties of returned notification. Using QueryLastRespondedNotification API, you can track your query’s status and the notification details within the operation that the API returns as an object. You might receive the notification details immediately in the operation but it is not guaranteed. You can use the operation in a coroutine to wait until the query is complete. In case it completes immediately, the coroutine continues its execution on the next iteration.
```
